No, sorry.
It's not your fault that I didn't protect you well
No one wants this to happen.
Wang Xinyi, if I say I mean the worst plan?
After all, I'm not sure yet.
Is it because of my appearance?
That led to the change throughout history
Dr. Zhang Jiajia Variation
If so
You're the only one left in the next serum study
Are you sure?
Let's be honest.
No if as you said
The last life was a serum that I developed with Jiajia
Then the two of us should be complementary existences
But it can't
Obviously there are materials
Why not give it to them?
This auspicious so many brothers
What mouth doesn't wait to eat?
I'm already giving you face by letting them stay.
Brother, he is my comrade-in-arms
So many brothers in this base
Which one is not too close to us?
All right, I'll give them my supplies.
You are such a big base
I'll give them all to you later.
You are always so emotional
How can these brothers help you in the future?